[DX-2075] Complete overhaul of Dev Portal documentation (#6766)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/portal/api-provider.md

- Create Policies: Generate new access and rate limit policies for Products and Plans
- Issue Credentials: Request creation of API keys, OAuth tokens, or other credentials
- Synchronize Changes: Maintain consistency between Portal and Dashboard configurations

### Multi-Provider Support

The Tyk Developer Portal supports connections to multiple Providers simultaneously, enabling several powerful scenarios:

- Environment Segregation: Connect to separate development, staging, and production environments
- Organizational Boundaries: Connect to Dashboards managed by different teams or departments
- Geographic Distribution: Connect to Dashboards in different regions or data centers
- Migration Paths: Facilitate transitions between different Tyk deployments

{{< img src="img/dashboard/portal-management/enterprise-portal/portal-diagram-api-providers.png" alt="Relationship between Tyk Developer Portal and two API Providers" >}}

### Provider Limitations

It is important to understand the boundaries of Provider functionality:

- Each API Product or Plan can only be associated with a single Provider
- Credentials issued by one Provider cannot be used with APIs from another Provider

> - Authentication methods must be consistent within a Provider for APIs grouped in the same Product

Reviewer: @andyo-tyk would you explain this better?

Author: I've proposed a rewording to:

The same Authentication method must be used to access all APIs within an API Product, so that a single set of credentials can be created and accepted by the Provider.

> - Authentication methods must be consistent within a Provider for APIs grouped in the same Product

Author: ```suggestion
- The same Authentication method must be used to access all APIs within an API Product, so that a single set of credentials can be created and accepted by the Provider.
```
